LDAP automatic user provisioning (#20033)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/_includes/releases/v25.3/v25.3.0-rc.1.md

 [#150366][#150366]
- The session setting `optimizer_min_row_count`, which sets a lower bound on row count estimates for relational expressions during query planning, is now set to `1` by default.
 [#150376][#150376]

> - The `options` column in the output of `SHOW ROLES` and `SHOW USERS` commands is now returned as an array of strings (for example `{NOLOGIN,CREATEDB}`) rather than as a single comma-separated string. This change enables more efficient querying of role options using array functions like `unnest()`. For example: `SELECT * FROM [SHOW ROLES] AS r WHERE EXISTS (SELECT 1 FROM unnest(r.options) AS m(option) WHERE option LIKE 'SUBJECT=cn%');`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `options` column in the output of `SHOW ROLES` and `SHOW USERS` is now returned as an array of strings (e.g., `{NOLOGIN,CREATEDB}`) rather than as a single comma-separated string. This enables more efficient querying of role options using array functions like `unnest()`. For example: `SELECT * FROM [SHOW ROLES] AS r WHERE EXISTS (SELECT 1 FROM unnest(r.options) AS m(option) WHERE option LIKE 'SUBJECT=cn%');`
```
